Buzzer interfacing with Arduino
Connections
Buzzer Positive Terminal: Connect to the digital pin (e.g., pin 9) on the Arduino.
Buzzer Negative Terminal: Connect to GND on the Arduino through a 100立 resistor.
Detailed Steps:
Place the buzzer on the breadboard.
Connect one end of the resistor to the negative terminal of the buzzer.
Connect the other end of the resistor to the GND pin of the Arduino.
Connect the positive terminal of the buzzer to the designated digital pin on the Arduino (e.g., pin 9).

Interface a Piezo Buzzer and 3 LEDs of different colors with Arduino
Connections
Red LED: Connect the anode (long leg) to pin 13 and the cathode to GND through a 220立 resistor.
Yellow LED: Connect the anode to pin 12 and the cathode to GND through a 220立 resistor.
Green LED: Connect the anode to pin 11 and the cathode to GND through a 220立 resistor.
Piezo Buzzer: Connect the positive terminal to pin 7 and the negative terminal to GND.

---
Multiple switches and LEDs interfacing
Connect 2 LEDs to separate slide-switch controls using an Arduino
Connection LEDs:
LED 1: Connect the anode (longer leg) to Digital Pin 12 through a resistor and the cathode (shorter leg) to GND.
LED 2: Connect the anode to Digital Pin 13 through a resistor and the cathode to GND.
Slide Switches:
Switch 1: Connect one terminal to 5V and the other terminal to Digital Pin 2 (use a pull-down resistor if necessary).
Switch 2: Connect one terminal to 5V and the other terminal to Digital Pin 3 (use a pull-down resistor if necessary).

Connect a single LED to an Arduino through a switch. 

Connections:

Power Supply:
Connect the Arduino 5V pin to the positive rail of the breadboard.
Connect the Arduino GND pin to the negative rail of the breadboard.

LED:
Connect the anode (longer leg) of the LED to a 220-ohm resistor.
Connect the other end of the resistor to Arduino digital pin 13.
Connect the cathode (shorter leg) of the LED to the ground rail.

Push Button:
Connect one terminal of the push button to the positive rail.
Connect the other terminal of the push button to Arduino digital pin 2.
Use a pull-down resistor (10k ohm) between the push button terminal connected to pin 2 and ground.